---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome!"
date:   2025-05-09 14:39:27 +0700
categories: update
---
`This wiki is a work in progress.`

## What is EVE Insight?
Insight provides EVE Online killmail streaming for Discord. Insight can stream personal or corporate killboards, detect supercapitals with a proximity radar, and more! Insight is a Discord bot that can be directly invited to your server to provide your community with killmail streaming and intel in an easy-to-use package.

Insight is completely free and open-source and all code is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/eve-insight/Insight).


# Feature Overview
* Entity feeds ideal for personal, corporate, or alliance killboard streaming.
* Radar feeds ideal for tracking hostile incursions into friendly space, hunting expensive targets within jump range, or detecting capital escalations in real time.
* Proximity watches ideal for finding potential fleets to fight, tracking hostile fleet movement within your region, or alerting you of nearby hostiles within a few jumps of your base systems.
* Preconfigured feeds offering custom spins such as: Alliance Tournament system feed, npc officer hunter, AT ship radar, and more!
* Rich embeds to present mails with color indicating sidebars, hyperlinks, and images.
* Multiple embed appearance styles varying in size and verbosity.
* Optional mention system to be alerted of activity in radar feeds.
* SSO token authentication for allied contact blacklisting in radar feeds.
* Automatic synchronization of SSO tokens and radar blacklists.
* Instinctual commands and convenient option dialogs for managing settings.
* Easy server setup with no hardcoding or confusing configuration.
* Simultaneous, isolated feeds across multiple servers.
* Efficient asynchronous design with minimal cpu, memory, disk, and network impact.
